README.md, before:

# Booking Piano

**Developer: Igor Vasiljev**

[Link to the live project](https://booking-app-pp4.herokuapp.com/)

![logo](static/images/all-devices-black.png)

## About

The website represents a booking system for piano and theory lessons with online or offline options. Features include booking, amending and cancelling booked lessons, as well as keeping record of all past lessons.
It's also possible for admin user to access bookings stats.

## Table of Contents

  - [Project Goals](#project-goals)
    - [User Goals](#user-goals)
    - [Site Owner Goals](#site-owner-goals)
  - [User Experience](#user-experience)
    - [Target Audience](#target-audience)
    - [User Requirements and Expectations](#user-requirements-and-expectations)
    - [User Manual](#user-manual)
  - [User Stories](#user-stories)
    - [Users](#users)
    - [Site Owner](#site-owner)
  - [Technical Design](#technical-design)
    - [Flowchart](#flowchart)
  - [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
    - [Languages](#languages)
    - [Frameworks & Tools](#frameworks--tools)
    - [Libraries](#libraries)
  - [Features](#features)
  - [Validation](#validation)
  - [Testing](#testing)
    - [Manual Testing](#manual-testing)
    - [Automation Testing](#automation-testing)
  - [Bugs](#bugs)
  - [Deployment](#deployment)
  - [Credits](#credits)
  - [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

## Project Goals

### User Goals

- Ability to book a lesson.
- Amend lesson date and type.
- Cancel booked lesson.
- Access information of all past bookings.

### Site Owner Goals

- Be able to keep track of all upcoming lessons.
- Access information of all past bookings using filter.

## User Experience

### Target Audience

- Beginner or experienced musicians of all age levels.
- Everyone who's interested in theory of music and learning piano playing.
- Who require flexibility of online/offline lesson types.

### User Requirements and Expectations

- Intuitive navigation.
- Responsive design.
- Easy way to book, amend and cancel booking.
- Access records associated with the account.

### User Manual

<details><summary>Click here to view instructions</summary>

Commit message:

Add user stories to readme

README.md, after:

# Booking Piano

**Developer: Igor Vasiljev**

[Link to the live project](https://booking-app-pp4.herokuapp.com/)

![logo](static/images/all-devices-black.png)

## About

The website represents a booking system for piano and theory lessons with online or offline options. Features include booking, amending and cancelling booked lessons, as well as keeping record of all past lessons.
It's also possible for admin user to access bookings stats.

## Table of Contents

  - [Project Goals](#project-goals)
    - [User Goals](#user-goals)
    - [Site Owner Goals](#site-owner-goals)
  - [User Experience](#user-experience)
    - [Target Audience](#target-audience)
    - [User Requirements and Expectations](#user-requirements-and-expectations)
    - [User Manual](#user-manual)
  - [User Stories](#user-stories)
    - [Users](#users)
    - [Site Owner](#site-owner)
  - [Technical Design](#technical-design)
    - [Flowchart](#flowchart)
  - [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
    - [Languages](#languages)
    - [Frameworks & Tools](#frameworks--tools)
    - [Libraries](#libraries)
  - [Features](#features)
  - [Validation](#validation)
  - [Testing](#testing)
    - [Manual Testing](#manual-testing)
    - [Automation Testing](#automation-testing)
  - [Bugs](#bugs)
  - [Deployment](#deployment)
  - [Credits](#credits)
  - [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

## Project Goals

### User Goals

- Ability to book a lesson.
- Amend lesson date and type.
- Cancel booked lesson.
- Access information of all past bookings.

### Site Owner Goals

- Be able to keep track of all upcoming lessons.
- Access information of all past bookings using filter.

## User Experience

### Target Audience

- Beginner or experienced musicians of all age levels.
- Everyone who's interested in theory of music and learning piano playing.
- Who require flexibility of online/offline lesson types.

### User Requirements and Expectations

- Intuitive navigation.
- Responsive design.
- Easy way to book, amend and cancel booking.
- Access records associated with the account.

## User Stories

### Users

1. As a user I can access the home page so that general site information can be viewed.
2. As a user I can use navigation so that site pages can be viewed.
3. As a user I can navigate to About page so that useful information can be viewed.
4. As a user I can access Sign Up menu so that it's possible to create an account.
5. As a user I can access the login menu so that it's possible to log in to the site.
6. As a user I can view the social media links so that social media can be accessed.
7. As a user I can see the lesson options so that piano or theory lesson can be selected.
8. As a user I can see the lesson types so that online or offline type can be selected.
9. As a user I can access the date and time picker so that time & date can be selected.
10. As a user I can access bookings management page.
11. As a user I can click Change date & time button so that new date & time can be selected.
12. As a user I can use Change type menu so that lesson and its type can be changed.
13. As a user I can click Cancel button so that booked lesson can be cancelled.
14. As a user I can access upcoming bookings section so that upcoming bookings can be viewed.
15. As a user I can access View my past bookings button so that past bookings can be viewed.

### Site Owner

16. As an admin I can access Admin button so that admin information can be viewed.
17. As an admin I can view the admin panel.
18. As an admin I can view the completed lessons page so that completed lessons search can be used.
19. As an admin I can access the upcoming lessons page so that the upcoming lessons can be viewed.
